# Project 
Fan Engagement Meter
# Project Directors
Peter Decherney and James Fiumara
# Project URL
http://fanengagement.org/

! [Site Header](https://github.com/kelsiesmith/kelsiesmith/images/FanEngagementMeter.png)

## Summary 
The Fan Engagement Meter is a digital humanities project about the most common repeated direct quotes or revised dialogues used in Fanfiction written about a few popular movie franchises. So far, the site has analyzed the scripts from *Harry Potter, The Hobbit/Lord of the Rings*, and *Star Wars*. Fanfiction was collected from the site Archive of Our Own to be analyzed, as it is the largest collection of fan-made works. Small 6-word sections of text was compared to similar or exact matches found in fanfiction. 
  
## Design and Findings 
The project features a page explaining what the project is, how it works, and future directions for the project. A side bar is available to choose a movie franchise and then a movie title within that franchise. Once a movie is selected, a graph shows the script on the x-axis and the amount of reuse on the y-axis. 
	
! [Graphical representation of phrases used in deathly hallows part 1](https://github.com/kelsiesmith/kelsiesmith/images/DeathlyHallowsGraph.png)

  This project has great potential for analyzing fanfiction, however, the site’s design has many flaws. When you attempt to click on the line on the graph, you have to be extremely precise or the text will not appear. Also, the text disappears as soon as the cursor moves away from the line. This could be solved by adding dots to the line where the peaks appear. The dots could be clicked on and a textbox showing the specific line could appear and have an exit option for when you are done reading it. 

There are options along the top of the graph to further narrow the search, but the site does a poor job explaining how this works. This option is supposed to allow the viewer to analyze whose dialogue is reused more often or if specific dialogue affects are reused more often, but the explanation for this is on a separate page from the graph and may not be seen by the viewer. 

Overall, I enjoyed reviewing this project. I believe the developers had a wonderful idea that may have not received the funding to make it as expansive as hoped for. It is fascinating for me to see a graphical representation of which phrases fans use the most often. The project asks interesting questions about comparing scenes with 2 characters versus scenes with two different characters and the fan engagement in these two scenarios. Nevertheless, the actual design does not allow for this level of analysis to be easily completed but the project shows great promise for expansion. 



