My name is Kelsie (she/her) 

[alt text](
I am double majoring in integrative biology and psychology. This combination kind of happened by accident. I began my time at CNU with a different major and a long plan of how the rest of my life would go. This changed when first semester freshman year I took an introductory psychology course and I knew I was hooked. I have since taken psychology and biology classes in various topics to see what specializations exist. 

Recently, I have decided to focus my study of psychology on health and behavior medicine. This focus really interests me as it combines biology with psychology. My plans for after graduation in spring 2022 are not yet solid, but I hope to attend a master’s program focused in  health and behavior medicine. To prepare for a potential career involving nutrition along with psychology, I plan to start training as a nutrition coach at the end of the spring semester 2021. I love the idea of giving people the knowledge to make informed decisions about what foods they consume to best fuel their body. 

Outside of school, I am a very active person. I enjoy weightlifting at the gym, although I still consider myself a newbie at it. Additionally, I am training to run my very first marathon in March 2021. I have big goals of one day qualifying for the Boston Marathon and hopefully getting to compete at it.  The training involved has made me a more motivated and overall better runner and person. 

I have two small dogs at home: a Toy Poodle and a Bichon Frise. I enjoy reading young adult fantasy novels, but if asked I would still answer…. as my favorite book. My travel experience has been severely lacking, but books make up for it and I plan to extend my list of countries I have been to once I graduate. 



