# TEI Coding Refection 

For this assignment, I was given a section from “The Yellow Wall-paper” by Charlotte Perkins Stetson. I encoded my section using the Text Encoding Initiative (TEI) on a simple XML (eXtensible markup language) coding program called Oxygen. On the surface, “The Yellow Wall-paper” reads as a story of a woman fascinated with studying the yellow walls in her bedroom, but it has a much deeper meaning. It tells the story of a woman’s battle with postpartum psychosis.

The first step to this project was familiarizing myself with TEI on Google Docs. I read through my section and began adding comments to mark items such as paragraphs, page beginnings, em-dashes, and more. At first when commenting, I added an em-dash tag to every hyphen, but I realized on the next read through that hyphens are not the same as em-dashes and corrected this mistake. Using Google Docs really made me more comfortable with the work and prepared me well to begin coding. 

!(TEI on Google Docs of The Yellow Wall-paper)[https://kelsiesmith.github.io/kelsiesmith/images/GoogleDocsCode.png]

The next step was to begin coding on Oxygen. Each paragraph had to be individually transferred and properly tagged. I was really intimidated when I opened the file to have multiple tags staring at me already, but the in class instructions about setting up the title really helped. I struggled a bit in my coding until I learned to type the tags instead of trying to copy and paste it from the instructions. 

!(TEI of The Yellow Wall-paper on Oxygen)[https://kelsiesmith.github.io/kelsiesmith/images/OxygenCode.png]

I had never attempted to code before and I began this assignment extremely wary of my ability to do well. Computer language often confuses me but Oxygen made it simple. When I typed my last tag I almost couldn’t believe I was finished. I sat back and read through it to look for errors but found none. Using TEI and Oxygen was much simpler than I expected and I would gladly use it again.
